Every object in this world has attributes humans have name age job and so on.
In this video we will learn why do we need user schema.
Let's take a look at a diagram.
This figure is a human being and he has a name drop and an H.
So this human name is Batman.
His age is 35 years old and his job is a superhero.
So technically every user will have the same attributes just like in the figure.
We need a Universo use a blueprint so that every user will have the same attributes.
I want to show you guys another example.
As you can see every user in Springfield will have the same set of attributes birthdate name address
sex height weight and so on for example you know another example every user on Facebook has to enter
his email and password to log in.
But having the same set of attributes you can select which attributes that the user has to enter to
log in to the web of a kitchen in the next few.
We will learn on how to create the user schema and what sort of attributes that each user needs.
I'll see guys in the next video.